SDK beta callout (#2317)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/dev-docs/api/rest.md

The Upload plugin (which handles media found in the [Media Library](/user-docs/media-library)) has a specific API described in the [Upload plugin documentation](/dev-docs/plugins/upload).
:::

:::strapi Strapi SDK

> Strapi has just released a new SDK, currently in alpha. Early documentation is available on the [repository](https://github.com/strapi/sdk-js) while we are integrating it into the official REST API reference.

Author: ```suggestion
Strapi has just released a new SDK, currently in beta. Early documentation is available on the [repository](https://github.com/strapi/sdk-js) while we are integrating it into the official REST API reference.
```

> Strapi has just released a new SDK, currently in beta. Early documentation is available on the [Contributor Docs](https://contributor.strapi.io/) website while we are integrating it into the official REST API reference.

Author: Please use the exact URL for the Strapi SDK page here when it will be ready 🙏

> :::strapi Strapi SDK
> Strapi has just released a new SDK, currently in beta. Early documentation is available on the [Contributor Docs](https://contributor.strapi.io/) website while we are integrating it into the official REST API reference.
> :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::strapi Strapi SDK
Strapi has just released a new SDK, currently in alpha. Early documentation is available on the [repository](https://github.com/strapi/sdk-js) while we are integrating it into the official REST API reference.
:::

```
